Readme Update (#35)
spheronFdn/fns: README.md

/* Normal profile fetching */
const profile = await FNSInstance.getProfile('juan.fil')

 /* Get Blockchain Address

Get Blockchain Address
🔍 Need to find the blockchain address associated with your FNS name and coinType? 🔍

Our handy function can help! Simply provide the node (FNS name) and coinType, and we'll return the associated blockchain address. If no address is found, don't worry - the function will return 0. 😎

> At the moment, FNSlib supports BTC, LTC, DOGE, and FIL, but we're always looking to add support for more major chains in the future. If you have a specific request for a coinType, head on over to our 💬 [discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/ahxuCtm) and let us know. We're always considering new ideas for subsequent updates. 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, FNSlib supports BTC, LTC, DOGE, and native FIL, but we're always looking to add support for more major chains in the future. 

If you have a specific request for a coinType, head to our 💬 [discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/ahxuCtm) and let us know. We're always considering new ideas for subsequent updates. 🚀
```

const  address  =  await FNSInstance.getAddress('juan.fil', BlockchainIdentifier.DOGECOIN)

/* Normal content fetching 
To get content hash attached to a fns name
*/

> const  contentHash  =  await FNSInstance.getContent('juan.fil')

Reviewer: Apart from this, show how to get the name from address using FNSLib and describe the flow of how to use it
